weaponHit_Air(average) = pow
weaponHit_Air(heavy) = pow
weaponHit_Air(light) = pow
weaponHit_Earth(average) = pow
weaponHit_Earth(heavy) = pow
weaponHit_Earth(light) = pow
weaponHit_Fire(average) = pow
weaponHit_Fire(heavy) = pow
weaponHit_Fire(light) = pow
weaponHit_Holy(average) = pow
weaponHit_Holy(heavy) = pow
weaponHit_Holy(light) = pow
weaponHit_Normal(average) = pow
weaponHit_Normal(heavy) = pow
weaponHit_Normal(light) = pow
weaponHit_Shadow(average) = pow
weaponHit_Shadow(heavy) = pow
weaponHit_Shadow(light) = pow
weaponHit_Water(average) = pow
weaponHit_Water(heavy) = pow
weaponHit_Water(light) = pow
_weaponHitWall = pow